this automated dimensional inspection
and material handling system was
designed to inspect its ear
worm gear hubs for a customer located in
Croydon Pennsylvania
parts are manually loaded into six in
feed magazines each holding a maximum of
40 parts what a magazine is actuated
into the load position the proximity
switch is activated alerting a to access
robot to the presence of parts the robot
seen here consists of a horizontal and
vertical access allowing it to pick from
all six and feed magazines and from
various positions in each stack the
robot places apartment to a six position
dial table at the first position on the
dial a sensor verifies the part has been
loaded correctly and an air knife blows
debris out of the inner diameter
two-part cleaning the part prior to
inspection at the second position on the
dial an air gauge mounted on a single
access robot engages the part measuring
in the inner diameter at three positions
top middle and bottom at the third
position on the dial the laser marker
marks the part here our shield straws
delays are protecting the operator for
harmful radiation each part is marked
with the 2d data matrix consisting of
the date of inspection the shift number
and a discrete serial number the air
gauge readings for each part are stored
to a database enabling quality personnel
to verify that each individual part has
been passed inspection in the final
station of smart camera grades the data
matrix ensuring that the code is legible
after inspection marking and grading the
part is indexed into the offload
position where a pneumatic actuator
picks apart and places it on to offload
conveyor
the machine processes one part of a 10
seconds
this compass automation system made it
possible for the end-user to meet the
standards set by the customer for
complete inspection of the part 2
required production rate of 10 seconds
to learn more about compass automation
please visit their website at wwlp.com